The objective of the project is to build a robot that can autonomously mow a designated area while considering various conditions. The robot should be able to detect ideal weather conditions for mowing and avoid obstacles and ledges in the yard using sensors and a camera. It should mow in a pattern and track where it has and has not been. If the battery is low, the robot should stop mowing and move to an area where it can recharge in the sunlight. The robot should be controlled and monitored through a web or android app and should learn to take more efficient paths and avoid trouble areas over time. Safety is also important, so the robot should be able to detect if it's being tampered with and stop operating to avoid injury to humans or animals. It should allow for scheduling for ideal mowing times and adjust if the weather interferes with the schedule. After mowing, the robot should go to a sunny location to charge and then to a storage location until its next scheduled mowing. As a bonus, the robot can also act as a security robot to patrol the yard and send alerts if it detects any threats. For an even bigger bonus, the robot can trim patterns and words into the yard in a special mode for holidays or events.  You have the following hardware: Raspberry Pi 4 2GB, 64GB micro SD card, 5 MP Raspberry pi camera module, 20 Watt 12V solar panel, 10A 12V solar charge controller, 12V 18AH SLA Battery, TP-Link AC1300 WiFi Adapter, BME280 sensor module, Neo-8M GPS Module, 12V 2 Channel Relay, DC Voltage Regulator/Buck Converter 12V to 5V, 775 DC motor for mower blades, 2x 12V worm gear motors for wheels, L298 12V Dual H Bridge motor speed controller, MPU-9250 Compass Module, 2x VL53L0X Time of flight sensors, INA3221 Power Monitor, 2x KY-003 Hall Effect Magnetic Sensor Modules.  A mower body has been designed and printed that is water resistant and has two front wheels (for the worm gear motors), a blade disc that is 6.5 inches in diameter (run by the 775 motor) and a rear swiveling wheel that doesn’t have a motor.